Overview of 'harpwise print':

  The mode 'print' takes its arguments (holes, notes, licks, scales,
  semitones or special keywords) and prints them with additional
  information.

  Moreover it has various reports about the licks or the scales and
  intervals that are known harpwise.

  If you specify a scale (optional) too, the scale-membership of the
  the notes will be shown.

  Its argument can be any of:

    - holes (e.g. '-1')
    - notes (e.g. 'a4')
    - semitones (e.g. '+12st')
    - licks (e.g. 'st-louis')
    - lick progressions
    - scales (e.g. 'chord-i')
    - scale progressions
    - jams
    - 'l', '2l', for the last lick, 2nd-to-last, etc.

  or one of the known extra arguments (that themselves might require
  additional arguments):

    - man-proc:
  [2m    process/produce man page from erb-template[0m
    - man-diff:
  [2m    compare produced man page with usage[0m
    - doc-proc:
  [2m    process org-erb-templates for usage information and generate html[0m
  [2m    docu with org-publish[0m
    - selftest:
  [2m    perform selftest with special regard to the environment[0m
    - unittest:
  [2m    unittest for features, that cannot easily be tested within the[0m
  [2m    main test program[0m
    - widgets:
  [2m    excercise selected widgets to be tested[0m
    - lickfile:
  [2m    load and parse a lickfile[0m
    - check-frequencies:
  [2m    recalculate and check frequencies for current set of samples[0m
    - read-scale-with-notes:
  [2m    read given scale (first arg) from file (second arg)[0m
    - dump:
  [2m    dump internal data structures to stdout[0m

  
Usage by Examples:

  Print lots of information for given holes or notes:

    harpwise print +1 +2 a4 bf5

  Map semitones to holes and notes (which are probably more familiar):

    harpwise print +0st +11st -1st

  Print holes and notes of a lick:

    harpwise print st-louis

  Print holes and notes of a scale (blues):

    harpwise print blues

  Print the scales, each note belongs to too:

    harpwise print chord-i feeling-bad --add-scales chord-iv,chord-v

  Print the major pentatonic scale but shift it down by 7 semitones:

    harpwise print mape --transpose-scale -7st

  nearly the same result can be achieved by

    harpwise print mape

  and then take these holes as input for tools:

    harpwise tools shift -7st -2 -3// -3 -4 +5 +6


  Print all details for favorite licks:

    harpwise print licks-details --tags-any favorites

  (if you have tagged some licks with tag favorites)

  or narrow to a lick-progression and reduce amount of output:

    harpwise print licks-details --brief --lick-prog box1


  Print a list of licks (only those selected e.g. by -t)

    harpwise print licks-list -t fav

  A longer list of all known licks:

    harpwise print licks-list-all


  A report showing licks with stats regarding tags:

    harpwise print licks-with-tags

  (which might help to find underused or duplicate tags)


  Print licks with tags 'fav' first, and then all

    harpwise print licks-tags-stats -t fav

  which is (by using defaults) the same as:
  
    harpwise print richter licks-tags-stats -t fav

  If you have collected licks for the chromatic harmonica, you may
  also use:

    harpwise print chromatic licks-tags-stats


  Show the licks you played recently along with their shortcuts 'l',
  '2l', ...
  
    harpwise print licks-history


  List all the licks, that you have starred (press '*' in mode licks,
  while it is beeing played):

    harpwise print licks-starred

  Remark: In other modes you may access these licks through the
  tag 'starred', which they get assigned automatically.


  Show all known scales:

    harpwise print scales


  Show the names of all known intervals:

    harpwise print intervals


  You may also check out mode tools for some more helpers.
  

  Harpwise comes with a short list of famous players and information
  about them; you may request this list to be printed:

    harpwise print players

  Or details for a specific player:

    harpwie print player miller

  This is the same information, that is printed line by line in mode
  listen.
