  If sound recording is distorted, it may be enough to reduce the
  input volume, e.g. within gnome audio-settings.

  In some case it can be necessary to install sox-support for additional
  audio-formats; for linux this could be the package libsox-fmt-all.

  Sox-Errors, which mention "no default audio device" or "encode
  0-bit Unknown or not applicable" can sometimes be solved by
  setting and exporting the environment variable AUDIODRIVER to a
  suitable value.

  sox shows possible values for this when invoked without arguments;
  just search for the line 'AUDIO DEVICE DRIVERS'. Possible values
  might be 'alsa oss ossdsp pulseaudio' (linux) or 'coreaudio'
  (macOS).

  So e.g. on linux setting and exporting AUDIODRIVER=alsa or
  AUDIODRIVER=pulseaudio might help. Sox does not directly support
  pipewire (yet) so the valie 'pipewire' is not an option, but this
  is not necessary either as pipewire is compatible with pulseaudio.


  In case of AUDIODRIVER=alsa, this might not be enough for a working
  setup and you may also need to set AUDIODEV to a suitable value. If
  To get a list of all devices in your system, try 'aplay -L'
  (speakers) or 'arecord -L' (mics).

  As a linux example lets assume, that you have set AUDIODRIVER=alsa
  above. Then, setting AUDIODEV=hw:0 in addition (which will inform
  alsa about the device to use) might work. Note, that for macOS
  most surely different values will be needed.


  Other options necessary for sox might be passed through the
  environment variable SOX_OPTS. See the man-page of sox for
  details; also see the documentation of your respective audio
  driver, e.g. alsa (for linux) or coreaudio (for macOS).


  If you use WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux): Audio is complicated
  (pipewire -> pulseaudio -> rdp -> windows) but generally works just
  fine; in my case (2025-01-26) however it was necessary to do:
  
    sudo systemctl stop systemd-timesyncd.service
    
  to prevent audio from stuttering or even stopping.

