Overview:

  The mode 'licks' helps to learn and memorize licks.  Typically it
  plays a random lick from your collection and asks you to play it
  back, note by note. If successful, the next lick will be asked for.

  For harpwise, a 'lick' is a short musical phrase with a sequence of
  holes and an mp3-recording. It will be transposed as necessary.

  Please Note: This mode relies on a collection of licks, that you
  need to accumulate over time; only a simple starter set will
  be created at first start; typically it will be kept at:
  ~/.harpwise/licks/richter/licks_with_holes.txt
  similar e.g. for chromatic.

  When adding licks and you need to adjust start and end of the
  recording, the mode 'play' might help, to check your results.

  Personally I have paid for some good lick collections (see the
  sample lick file for pointers), so that I have 50 or so licks, that
  really sound great for me.

  If you get comfortable with a lick and want to explore it beyond its
  written wholes, you may find it useful to switch to mode listen,
  which can be done by typing 'm' without stopping the wise first.
  
Usage by Examples:

  Play licks from your collection; transpose them (i.e. their
  recordings) to the key of c, if necessary:
  
    harpwise licks c


  Similar, but only choose from licks with tags 'fav' and 'has_rec'

    harpwise licks c --tags-all fav,has_rec

  this employs the automatic tag 'has_rec', which is added to each
  lick, that has a recording. The opposite is 'no_rec'.


  Another automatic tag is 'shifts_four', which is added to each lick,
  which, when shifted by a major fourth, can still be played on the
  chosen harmonica. Similar tags are 'shifts_five' and 'shifts_eight'.

  So

    harpwise licks a -t shifts_four,shifts_five

  selects all licks, that can be shifted by four and notes without
  loosing any holes; these licks may therefore accompany a
  blues-progression. The keys used (<,>,%) to actually shift those
  licks, are described in help-screen (type 'h').
  

  Similar, but only choose from licks with tags 'fav' or 'scales'

    harpwise licks c --tags-any fav,scales


  Show the licks selected by the previous example, employing the
  mode 'print':

    harpwise print licks-list --tags-any fav,scales


  Select licks (if any), that have been starred by pressing '*' while
  it is beeing or has been played played:

    harpwise licks a -t starred

  and use mode print to see details about starred licks.
  Which licks are starred is kept in file (e.g)

    <%=$star_file_template % 'richter'%>


  There are some more options to *filter* the set of available licks
  (see below); see also the lick-file created initially on more
  explanation on the concept of tags.
  
  Here is a more sophisticated example. It helps to memorize licks,
  but not scales and shows the scales for each hole:

    harpwise licks c blues --loop --imm --drop-tags-any scales \
        --add-scales chord-i,chord-iv,chord-v \
        --display chart-scales --comment holes-all

  However, if you find yourself using these options for mode licks
  over and over again (and if you do not want to set them
  interactively, once the wise is running) you may move them to your
  config.ini and shorten the above command line to:

    harpwise licks blues


  Alternatively to using the tag-options described above, you may give
  licks as arguments on the commandline (especially for a 12-bar blues):

    harpwise licks box1-i box1-iv box1-i box1-v box1-iv box1-v box1-i simple-turn

  would start with the lick box1-i and switch from one to the next per your
  request; all other licks that you may have (e.g. wade, st-louis) are ignored.

  Note, that the lick box1-i (e.g.) appears more than once in the
  commandline above, because during a 12-bar blues, this chord appears
  multiple times.


  If you find yourself using such a commandline as given above over
  and over, you may define them as a lick-progression in your
  lick-file (see there for explanation); a predefined example could be
  used like this:

    harpwise licks --lick-progression box1-turn

  knowing these licks in and out would allow for basic accompaniment
  of e.g. a 12-bar blues.


  This option can fruitfully be combined with a scale-progression:

    harpwise licks --scale-prog 12bar --lick-prog box1-turn
      --kb-tr RIGHT=s+RETURN,LEFT=S+L

  which employs the key 'RIGHT' to switch both scale-progression and
  lick-progression at once; whereas 'LEFT' resets them to their
  initial values.
  

  If you want to explore a single lick, that is not yet in your
  lick-file (take +1 +2 +3 as a simple example), you may specify it
  adhoc by giving its holes on the commandline:

    harpwise licks +1 +2 +3

  later, if satisfied, you may add this lick (and maybe a recording)
  to your lickfile.
