OVERVIEW

  The wise needs a set of audio-samples; these are the sounds-files
  (recorded or generated) of each of the holes of your harmonica;
  blow, draw, bend.
  
  The samples are used to:
  
  - Play a series of holes, e.g. for modes play or quiz
  - Judge the frequencies of your playing against the frequencies of the
    samples to find out, which note you are actually playing

  You may either record those samples under the guidance of this mode,
  or you may let the wise generate them for you; adding some helper
  functions, this gives the following choice of extra arguments:

<%= get_extra_desc_all(for_usage: true).join("\n") %>


  The samples need to be generated for each key, but only once in the
  lifetime of your harp; you may start with the key of c only.
  After that you are ready to use the other modes of the wise.

  Samples that have been recorded will not be overwritten with
  samples, that the wise generates.  Moreover, recorded samples are
  always preferred over generated samples, when harpwise has to play
  holes; remove recorded samples, if (for the moment) you prefer
  generated samples.
  
  By its nature, this mode only accepts arguments for type and key,
  but not for scale.
  

USAGE BY EXAMPLES

  Record samples to teach the wise abut the frequencies of the harp
  you are using:

    harpwise samples c record

  this will ask you to play notes on your harp (key of c). The samples
  will be stored in the hidden folder .harpwise within your home
  directory; frequencies will be extracted to the file
  frequencies.yaml.


  On the other hand, generating samples automatically is the fastest
  way to get a complete set of hole-samples: The wise offers to create
  all the audio samples for you (using sox); unfortunately this cannot
  match the characteristics of your own harp and your own playing
  style, but it gives a good quick start.  For auto-generation, type:

    harpwise samples generate a


  To create a sample for a single hole only (for key of a):

    harpwise samples generate a -3//


  Or, to generate everything, all holes, all keys, in a single run:

    harpwise samples generate all

  Only when first changing the type of harmonica, e.g. from richter
  (default) to chromatic, you will need to create samples once again.


  If later, you want to remove some samples, that you have recorded
  previously, try:

    harpwise samples delete d

  (for the key of d)
