Overview:

  The mode 'listen' shows information on the notes you play; depending
  on settings for display and comment this can be:

    - Hole
    - Note
    - Interval to previous note
    - Difference to a reference note, e.g. to practice bends
    - Membership of played note in various scales
    - Speed of warbles

  When playing, you may switch on journal to get a simple
  transcription of the holes played.

Usage by Examples:

  The wise listens, while your are playing a richter harp of key c and
  it shows the holes, that you played; green if from the scale, red
  otherwise:

    harpwise listen richter c blues

  The same, but relying on the defaults for type (richter) and key (c):

    harpwise listen blues

  The same, but also showing the notes from the one-chord (chord-i):

    harpwise listen blues --add-scales chord-i --display chart-scales


  If you want to follow the chord-progression of a 12-bar blues, you may try

    harpwise listen --scale-progression 12bar

  to switch from one chord to the next, every time you press 's'.

  To use the RETURN-key, which might be easier to hit, you may try:

    harpwise listen --sc-prog 12bar --keyboard-translate RETURN=s

  or use (shorter) '--kb-tr TAB=s' to employ the TAB key. And you may
  also make this option durable in your config.ini.

  If, in addition to the scale-progression, you want one or more licks
  at hand (e.g. turnarounds), you may give them as an adhoc
  lick-progression:
  
    harpwise listen --sc-prog 12bar --li-prog simple-turn,wade


  As an advanced example, assume that you would like to play the minor
  pentatonic scale in fourth position. However, harpwise only knows it
  in second position (i.e. starting on -2).

  How would you move this scale from second to fourth position ?

  The first step would be to get the notes of the minor-pentatonic
  scale:

    harpwise print mipe

  then take those notes and shift them from second to fourth position
  by moving up two fifths up in the circle of fifths.

  And because a fifth is 7 semitones (you may check this via: harpwise
  print intervals), this would be 2 * 7 = 14 semitones.

  In addition one would move one ocatve (= 12 semitones) down to reach
  the lower end of the harp (for more expressiveness): 14 - 12 = 2
  semitones.

  So we would have to shift the notes of the minor pentatonic scale by
  2 semitones to get from second to fourth position:

    harpwise tools shift +2st -2 -3/ +4 -4 -5 +6

  Using the resulting holes as an adhoc scale for listen, we would be
  able to tell harpwise, that we want to play the minor pentatonic in
  fourth position:

    harpwise listen -3// +4 -4 +5 +6 -6

  However, you could get the same effect more easily like this:

    harpwise listen mipe --transpose-scale +2st

  which uses the fact (as explained above), that moving two positions
  up are just two semitones.


  Finally, as a quite technical note: If you find harpwise sluggish or
  if you get a warning on lagging and lost samples, you may want to
  experiment with --time-slice:

    harpwise listen c --time-slice short
